Assignment 1:
Grade: 0/3. No answer found.

Assignment 2:
Grade: 5/12. No answer to task 1 found. 5 pts have been removed for unsatisfactory robot model (shape, wheel setup and transform).

Assignment 3:
Grade: 15/15 (Excellent). The goal of the control is to take a goal from planning and reach it. Your planner is the master node and the knowledge and map system are your memory.  The map is updated by state estimation and perception. knowledge stores the map and uses it to support spatial reasoning. The map has a static part, this is what SLAM discovers, the most stable structure of the world that can be used by planning for deliberative planning, but perception and state estimation, will continuously update the map with dynamic objects (also known as costmap vs map), which is essential for reactive planning at motion control level. Note that reactive planning can also be performed. Your interface package would contain msgs, sercices, actions and urdf for rviz visualization. You can use the camera as well for SLAM. The cognitive arcchitecture package, launch all the nodes from and ensure they are appropriately connected. It is the protocol that ensures module nodes are connected, work and communicate as intended. Finally, control, be it at the kinematic or dynamic level, can be closed or open.

Assignment 4:
Grade: 2/5. Completely unmatched robot urdf model and too late submission.

Assignment 5:
Grade: 4.9/5 (Excellent). Map exploration is incomplete (see gray cells , i.e., unknown occupancy, behind doors). 

Assignment 6:

Grade: 4.5/10. In order to implement successful reactive control you need to understand the higher-level behavior to achieve. In this context, we can show that the two behaviors (collision avoidance and wall following) are sufficient to yield a reliable exploration of the map. the wall following allows you to get the systematic outline of the room and while avoiding obstacles. Wall here is meant for any obstacle that lies at the boundaries of the rooms and defines its outline. This means that if a door is open, by applying the logic of wall-following, you will not only get in the room, but bend around the door in order to get the perfect outline. In order to successfully achieve this, you need closed-loop control, this is not about if-switch case structures, but about tighly coupling the commands (input velocity) and the environment as we discussed on Friday. Another aspect of the project is that you test the behaviors one after the other. However, in the full implementation you must combine them into a unified framework where they run conccurently and sometimes conflicting, we will discuss this topic in our last tutorial session.

Epistemic uncertainty: lack of existing knowledge, ontological uncertainty: knowledge, be it hidden or not does not exist at, all.The only field of knowledge inquiry that seriously adopted the concept of ontological uncertainty is the standard interpretation (copenhagen) of quantum mechanics, but other valid interpretations (bohmian) have quickly shown that epistemic uncertainty can be adopted as well at quantum level. So this being said, the most important for you as roboticists is the following: In situation of uncertainty, there is hope to reduce uncertainty with gain of knowledge (epistemic) and given an uncertain situation, be it epistemic or ontological, even if I can reduce uncertainty, I have to quantify it so that subsequent processes can react robustly to my outputs in a way that guarantees success and safety.

The map is successfully built when the boundaries of the static obstacles look black (p=1), their inner parts look grey (p=0.5, unknown) and the free place white (p=0, nothing). Navigation is successful
